README.md, before:

#### 👋 Hey there!

My name is Gal Tadmor, and I'm a full stack developer. I'm 30 years old, kickin' it in Tel Aviv, Israel. I've been a developer for 16 years, and it's still pretty damn fun. I am currently working at [Big Panda](https://bigpanda.io).<br/>

My work focuses on end-to-end projects, creating SaaS platforms, user interfaces, websites and games, for all devices. I keep UX in mind, by adding animations, icons and anything else, that will make the difference between a very good product and a great one. I’m a fast learner, and I love researching new technologies.<br/>

Wanna read more? Here's [my resume](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pU7_sYlGeOi2msPbLgJWFv49RDS45SNthJ9Wo-v--ng/edit?usp=sharing).

#### 🎨 Skills
- Frontend Development
  - HTML, CSS/SCSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Redux, Webpack, Electron, AngularJS
- Backend Development
  - Node.js, Express.js, Kafka, Kafka Connect
- Databases
  - MongoDB, ElasticSearch, MySQL, Redis, Firestore
- Miscellaneous
  - Scrum, Firebase, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD, UX

#### 📹 Lectures
- [FrontEnd in 2021 for SaaS/B2B companies](https://youtu.be/tRVCpsRXBr0?t=4020)
- [Firebase Crash Course]()
- [Dark Theme: An Intro to Styled Components]()

#### 🎓 Education
- PSM1 (Professional Scrum Master) - Scrum.org
- Practical Engineer in Electronics & Computers - Amal Bet Petah Tikva

Commit message:

Update to Engineering Team Lead

README.md, after:

#### 👋 Hey there!

My name is Gal Tadmor, and I'm an Engineering Team Lead. I'm 30 years old, kickin' it in Tel Aviv, Israel. I've been developing since high school, and it's still pretty damn fun. I am currently working at Big Panda.

My development projects focus on end-to-end systems, creating SaaS platforms, user interfaces, websites and games, for all devices. I keep UX in mind, by adding animations, icons and anything else, that will make the difference between a very good product and a great one. I’m a fast learner, and I love researching new technologies.

Wanna read more? Here's [my resume](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pU7_sYlGeOi2msPbLgJWFv49RDS45SNthJ9Wo-v--ng/edit?usp=sharing).

#### 🎨 Skills
- Frontend Development
  - HTML, CSS, SCSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Angular, Redux, RxJS, AngularJS, Vue.js, Webpack, Electron, Stencil.js
- Backend Development
  - Node.js, Express.js, Kafka, Kafka Connect
- Databases
  - MongoDB, ElasticSearch, MySQL, Redis, Firestore
- Miscellaneous
  - Scrum, Firebase, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD, UX

#### 📹 Lectures
- [FrontEnd in 2021 for SaaS/B2B companies](https://youtu.be/tRVCpsRXBr0?t=4020)
<!---
- [Firebase Crash Course]()
- [Dark Theme: An Intro to Styled Components]()
-->
#### 🎓 Education
- PSM1 (Professional Scrum Master) - Scrum.org
- Practical Engineer in Electronics & Computers - Amal Bet Petah Tikva
